hey guys thanks for tuning in to access
alert today I'm going to show you how to
do a quick half-up half-down style with
a bit of a twist it's great for your
holiday parties or just just to get your
hair out of your face so first what
you're going to do is take a chunk of
your hair right by your ear and you're
going to braid it
I should have mentioned that before all
this you're going to want to back comb
your hair if you want to learn how to
back comb your hair you can check out
one of our tutorials so you're just
going to braid it and then so you're
going to braid that first chunk over
your ear and then bring it back and pin
it so then we're going to do the same
thing to the other side
and bring it around and pin it right
beside the other one and then because
we've back combed it already you can
take your comb and just lift it for a
little bit of volume so there you have
it a quick and easy half-up half-down
hairstyle great for just around the
house also great for going out to one of
your holiday parties if you find these
videos helpful you can like us on
Facebook or subscribe to our YouTube
videos thank you